# Go API client for azurecv

The Computer Vision API provides state-of-the-art algorithms to process images and return information. For example, it can be used to determine if an image contains mature content, or it can be used to find all the people in an image.  It also has other features like categorizing the content of images, and describing an image with complete English sentences.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 2024-02-01
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.6.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import azurecv "github.com/tanmancan/openapi/azurecv"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `azurecv.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), azurecv.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `azurecv.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), azurecv.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `azurecv.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `azurecv.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), azurecv.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), azurecv.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://cognitiveuseprod.cognitiveservices.azure.com/computervision*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultAPI* | [**ImageAnalysisAnalyze**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#imageanalysisanalyze) | **Post** /imageanalysis:analyze | Analyze
*DefaultAPI* | [**RetrievalVectorizeImage**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#retrievalvectorizeimage) | **Post** /retrieval:vectorizeImage | VectorizeImage
*DefaultAPI* | [**RetrievalVectorizeText**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#retrievalvectorizetext) | **Post** /retrieval:vectorizeText | VectorizeText


## Documentation For Models

 - [BoundingBox](docs/BoundingBox.md)
 - [CaptionResult](docs/CaptionResult.md)
 - [ContentTag](docs/ContentTag.md)
 - [CropRegion](docs/CropRegion.md)
 - [DenseCaption](docs/DenseCaption.md)
 - [DenseCaptionsResult](docs/DenseCaptionsResult.md)
 - [DetectedObject](docs/DetectedObject.md)
 - [DetectedPerson](docs/DetectedPerson.md)
 - [DetectedTextBlock](docs/DetectedTextBlock.md)
 - [DetectedTextLine](docs/DetectedTextLine.md)
 - [DetectedTextWord](docs/DetectedTextWord.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [ErrorResponseDetails](docs/ErrorResponseDetails.md)
 - [ErrorResponseInnerError](docs/ErrorResponseInnerError.md)
 - [ImageAnalysisResult](docs/ImageAnalysisResult.md)
 - [ImageMetadata](docs/ImageMetadata.md)
 - [ImagePoint](docs/ImagePoint.md)
 - [ImageUrl](docs/ImageUrl.md)
 - [ObjectsResult](docs/ObjectsResult.md)
 - [PeopleResult](docs/PeopleResult.md)
 - [ReadResult](docs/ReadResult.md)
 - [SingleVectorResult](docs/SingleVectorResult.md)
 - [SmartCropsResult](docs/SmartCropsResult.md)
 - [TagsResult](docs/TagsResult.md)
 - [VectorizeTextRequest](docs/VectorizeTextRequest.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apiKeyHeader

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		azurecv.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]azurecv.APIKey{
			"Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### apiKeyQuery

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: subscription-key
- **Location**: URL query string

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: subscription-key and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		azurecv.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]azurecv.APIKey{
			"subscription-key": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



